Earth. a cradle for unimaginable
beauty and staggering wonder.
Incomprehensible. overwhelming...
this planet mocks our feeble power...
to describe it.
Yes. to truly appreciate the
astounding grandeur of this planet...
sometimes you must defile it.
Behold the defiler.
His character is vile.
base. and depraved.
Once a proud talk-show host. he has
been driven by a changing ecosystem...
to a drier and harsher
climate... the weekly podcast.
Here. without the nourishment
of his studio audience...
this clown with dull. tiny eyes.
the eyes of a crudely painted doll...
is forced to feed on that
meagerest of morsels...
the random call-in fan.
Unhinged by the feral scent
of their mild enthusiasm...
he scavenges in
distant lands uninvited...
fueled by a bottomless
hunger for recognition...
and the occasional selfie.
This is madness.
This is lunacy.
This is chaos.
This is "Conan O'Brien Must Go."
Spain.
Hey. Conan. This is Javier.
And I'm calling
from Madrid. Spain.
Javier. tell me a little
bit about yourself.
What do you do for a living?
So I've been working in tourism
as a tourism information agent.
And so tourists.
they have questions.
How can I get here?
How much for the
ticket to the museum?
Can I get a map. you know?
- And you answer the questions.
- Okay.
The job I do. I think you
would be a natural at it.
When I get a
compliment like that...
I jump on the next plane
to thank them in person.
- Hey.
- Hi. sir.
Javier. when you called
me on the podcast...
you said that you work in
a tourist information booth.
- I do. It's right over there.
- Yeah.
And yesterday they said no to me
even seeing the inside of the booth.
Why?
They saw your show.
I'm gonna put that
booth out of business.
We're gonna set up this
booth. and this booth...
is gonna draw everyone this
way because I've got star pow...
Star... Star power!
Javier. is there any way to put
the cathedral on silent mode?
Hello.
- From Minnesota.
- Oh. Minnesota!
You want to buy a map?
Hey. nice to meet
you. What's your name?
- Tim.
- I'm Heather.
- Heather. Oh. sorry.
- This thing is...
- This piece of shit!
- It's not very steady.
- This thing is coming...
Look at... This just came off.
This is the map that
I've had made up.
You open it up. and
it just says "google it!"
Fucking google it.
I want to see Javier in action.
Ask him a question.
see if he can answer it.
An easy one. please.
Talk to me about the
changing of the guard.
Oh. Jesus.
The big change of the
guard is once a month.
The first... I don't know.
Once a month?
Anyway. you know who knows this.
- In there. they know that.
- Okay.
I have questions for you.
I notice these characters
that stand around the plaza.
There's a rumor that that's
the king and the queen in there.
That's how they walk
among the people.
- I'm from Madrid. yeah.
- Okay.
Ask me some questions and see
how much I know about Madrid.
Can you recommend me
some restaurants around here?
Yes! Sí.
It's a great restaurant.
It's called El Rey de Burger.
- It doesn't...
- Translates to Burger King.
Oh. okay.
We don't have a big
budget. as you can see.
- Yeah. I can see this.
- This was for cat surgery.
And then we hosed it down.
What do you do for a living?
¿Qué es su...watch
this...profesión?
- You're a musician?
- Yeah.
And ¿qué tipo de música?
- Kind of electronic.
- Electronic music?
Yeah.
I came up with that song
when I watched a crow...
that was stuck in a cider press.
- Okay. - And it was going...
- Yeah. baby! - Hey. look at that guy!
- Yeah!
- That's an American right there!
He's loud. He's like an animal.
Look at him. Go. America. USA!
He's wearing an
Iron Maiden T-shirt.
He's gonna go right
now to El Rey de Burger.
How are we doing so far? We've
been here. I think. two hours now.
- Not great.
I think it's the location. I think
we need to be closer to the booth.
- Let's try it.
- Want to try it?
Yeah. sure.
Information coming through!
You...
I'll get you!
How about right here?
Is here good enough?
Yeah.
Okay.
Madrid is a city that's
over 70 years old.
It was founded by Jack Madrid.
If you want the truth.
don't go to the booth!
If you are able.
go to the table.
Javier. what is the
best way out of this bit?
- I think we just run.
- We just run?
Come on. come on!
It turns out I have another big
fan in Spain. also named Javier.
I want to see the real Madrid.
I want to see Javier
Bardem's Madrid.
All right. This is my
city. I grew up here.
I'm very proud of
this city and its people.
- Follow me.
- I shall.
- All right.
- Let's do it.
All right. we are
in El Retiro Park.
Retiro Park.
I mean. this is the place
where I spent most...
of my time cheating on school.
I was kind of rebellious.
- Rebellious.
Come on. little fishes.
I feel like Cleopatra.
When you go out with your wife
on the boat. do you make her row?
Of course.
I'm a terrible human being.
Well. this is called
pipas. It's a seed.
One. two. and then the tongue.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah.
There you go.
You're a natural now.
This is chocolate con churros.
And this thing is very well-known
as the great moment of the hangover.
You go partying all night.
and then without sleeping...
you take chocolate with churros.
I think we should pretend in this moment
that we have been drinking all night.
No!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
- Look at that.
- Look at this.
Atlético de Madrid.
That's my team.
Your team is
Atlético Madrid. huh?
Yes.
Well. I got bad
news for you. buddy.
This is called Real Madrid.
- Are you a fan of Real Madrid?
- Huge fan of Real Madrid.
- Since when?
- Oh. since I was a bebé.
Okay. what's the name of
the coach of Real Madrid?
Jeff.
- Okay.
- Jeff.
What's the name of
the stadium they play?
They play in Real Madrid
Stadium Heineken Light.
Can you name any
player of any soccer team...
in history that you may know of?
Paul... Paule.
- Pe... - Pel... - Lé.
- Lé.
- Pelé. Pelé.
- Pelé.
Huge fan. right?
Oh. my God.
Oh. Philippines.
I should go there.
Hold on. hold on. hold on. hold
on. Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Why are you taking
pictures with him?
- Let's do it.
- They love me.
They love me in the Philippines.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Antonio Banderas.
I'm Antonio.
It's Antonio Banderas!
It's Antonio Banderas
from "Puss in Boots."
- "Puss in Boots."
- Yes.
Everyone knows Spain's biggest
exports are wine and olive oil.
It was 9:00 in the morning.
so it was too late for wine.
I'm standing here with Aquilino?
- Yes. Aquilino. Yes.
- Is that your name?
- And you like that name?
- Yeah.
It's the one that I have.
Okay. I could change
it for you if you wish.
- Okay.
- Okay. you're now Frank.
Thank you.
How do you gather the olives?
The traditional way was to
pick them by hand. using basket.
- Basket. yes.
- Basket.
You seem to know a lot about
olives. and you care a lot about olives.
Yes.
But. sir. I've brought
someone with me...
a man who claims to know
a lot about a lot of things.
Well. first of all. I don't
feel like I'm an expert.
I certainly have had no
formal training in this matter.
- Nevertheless...
- Or in any area.
Right. Well. I'm a television
producer by trade. but...
I've seen no evidence.
- Continue.
- Yes.
I like my olive oil
strong. fuerte...
like a bull. another archetype
of Spanish culture. el toro.
The bull is an uncastrated
unit of male cattle.
That's differentiated from
the steer. which has been...
And from you. who
was castrated long ago.
Right.
- But I...
- Snip. clink. thunk.
Good one. right?
Got him.
Zing.
I'm coming to you with
concrete information.
- Yeah.
- And I'm being ridiculed.
I'm here giving you cold. hard facts
about the introduction of the olive tree.
Olive oil was
called "liquid gold"...
by the Greek poet Omeros.
you know him as Homer.
My consumption is really
on par with the Greeks.
So you shit constantly.
- You're just a shitting machine.
- I don't see the connection.
What would happen if I drank
maybe ten gallons of olive oil today?
Probably you can die.
Yeah. But what would
happen just before I died?
You go poopy.
There we have it.
There we have the
medical term. You go poopy.
- You understand?
- You go poopy.
I don't go poopy
when I drink olive oil.
Well. few machines go poopy.
I just picked this
olive from the tree.
- Yes.
- I smell it.
- Don't bite it.
- Don't bite it?
- No.
- Why?
It is bitter. and it
doesn't taste good.
I thought you could just
pull it off the tree and eat it.
- Do you do that?
- I do do it.
We are in the land where
this mystical fruit grows...
and we can taste it in all
stages of its development.
I'm not expecting a fully
polished. finished product here.
But when I taste the end product.
I want to know where it came from.
I want to follow this
olive on its journey.
Yeah. that tastes horrible.
but you could try it as well.
I'm very tempted because you
just bit into this thing you love...
and said it's terrible.
You said it's awful.
So I think. bing.
I think it goes bye-bye.
I apologize for
bringing this to you.
He's providing a lot of data.
From the Latin "dah-ta."
But I say "day-ta" in homage to
"Star Trek: The Next Generation."
My favorite episode might be
"Darmok" from the fifth season.
Nevertheless. do
you know that "data"...
is. in fact. the
plural of "datum"?
- You?
- Yeah.
Mistake. Shouldn't
have brought you.
My entire existence? What
part of this is a mistake?
What class did you fly?
'Cause I paid for that ticket.
I don't talk about
these matters.
What did I fly him?
Say it was coach.
You're all obsessed
with class and status.
I'm here with a man
of the Earth. la tierra.
Answer the question.
What ticket did I buy for
you so you could come here?
Well. I support the show. and I
believe I add value to the show.
What ticket?
Yes. well. I was in seat 11A.
11? That's pretty far up.
What class is that?
- Do you understand?
- What ticket? 11?
Where was 11? Where was seat 11?
You can look at the airline map.
Where was seat 11?
Just tell me right now.
It was a Boeing 747.
- You do the research.
- Were you in business?
- What class were you in?
- Oh. what do you think?
I'm one of the biggest
stars in the world.
This guy shit his pants when
he saw me. I was in first...
- That's 'cause he had too much olive oil.
- Jesus Christ!
Okay. so these baskets
collect the olives.
- You have to...
- Really grab it.
Get closer to the tree.
Okay. let's see
what I've done here.
Look at that.
Do you ever throw...
If I threw a rake...
No. no. because you want the
fruit in the ring. not on the floor.
Can we just try it and
see what happens?
- I think one fell over there.
- Yes.
So whose system is
better. do you think?
Mine.
Guitar break!
Olivos. olivos Olivos. olivos
Olivos. olivos Olivos. olivos All of us.
Lights out.
- See the message at the end?
- Yes.
- We all work together. all of us.
These baskets are heavy.
Do you mind if Jordan
wears my basket. too?
No. no. he cannot have two.
- Why not?
- It's impossible.
It's not impossible.
We have to try.
- You said it was impossible.
- Yes.
Look. Look at this.
How will you
collect your olives?
I shall not collect olives.
I shall go to the van.
which is air-conditioned...
where I will have a
large bottle of Orangina...
and some cinnamon Snackwells!
Snackwells!
When your high-school
Spanish is as good as mine...
you head straight to a recording
studio to do voiceover work.
I'm at Best Digital.
This is the place where
they do all of the dubbing.
If it's spoken in Spanish or if Spanish
has been added. it's done here.
What is the art to doing this. to
overdubbing in a different language?
We try to not be noticed.
People should think I've
become that famous actor...
- if I do it correctly.
- Yeah.
Which I won't.
Hola. ¿Tu nombre?
- Carles.
- Nikki.
Nikki. And which
voices have you done?
- Is that Google Maps?
- It is.
- Google Maps!
- Yeah.
In this ad. I think
there's a voiceover...
but then there's a caveman
who I think has a sore throat.
- Yeah.
- I think I should be the caveman.
Lizipaina.
Look. commercials are fine.
I would like to be the voice
of some serious A-list actors.
We have a scene here
from "Taken." Liam Neeson.
Yeah.
If you're looking for ransom. I
can tell you I don't have money.
But what I do have are a
very particular set of skills.
He says. I don't have any money.
He could get some money.
His daughter is on the line.
Get some money.
Oh. there's nothing I can't
do. except go to an ATM.
But. also. should I put a
little Irish accent in there?
Maybe.
You know. I'm becoming Gollum.
- Yeah. a bit.
- My precious.
All right. let me try... I'm not
gonna be less Gollum now.
Let's try it
again. I'll get this.
God damn it!
Liam Neeson's gonna hear
that the next time he's in Spain...
and think. when did I do that?
That's extremely good acting.
- It's very intense.
- Yeah.
What I'd like to do now
is go way the other way.
Have you guys seen the
"Fast & Furious" movies?
The thing about street fights...
the street always wins.
The thing about street fights
is the street always wins.
Dom knew that the fault line of
the cracks created by the missile...
would exactly
surround his enemy.
Dom's character is
a structural engineer.
The secret to Vin Diesel's
acting is that he's not acting. right?
The secret for this is to
look in the eye of the actor.
There's nothing in there.
I've looked in his eyes.
It's like an empty warehouse.
And then just a little mouse
skitters across the floor.
And then it sees me. It
goes... Then it runs back.
They studied Vin Diesel.
He's technically
a desert cactus.
He is.
He needs very little
water. just a little gravel.
He was purchased on a
roadside by a producer...
who was gonna put him in
his kitchen and then said...
no. he'd be good in these
"Fast & Furious" movies...
if we can make 35 of them
and they get worse as they go.
Huh?
Oh. fire.
Idea forming.
Stomp!
David. am I the best Spanish-language
voiceover actor in the world?
Yes. you are the best in the
world and the most handsome.
That part was unnecessary for me
to say. but I could not help myself.
Hey. Conan. My name is
Bruno. and I'm from Madrid. Spain.
What do you do?
- So I work as an airline pilot here in...
- Oh. come on. - Oh. my God.
Does your uniform have little
epaulets on the shoulders?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Damn it!
I want to wear epaulets.
Do you think I would
make a good pilot. Bruno?
Do you think I
have what it takes?
- You know... - Oh. come on.
- I don't know. Maybe...
- Bruno!
- How you doing?
- Nice to meet you.
- How are you?
- Today we are gonna be working - in a flight simulator.
- Yes.
And by the way. do
you know all the pilots?
- Yeah.
- Diego! Diego!
I'm gonna show you if I was
a pilot and I was on a date...
how I would reveal
that information. okay?
Ask me what it is I do.
What do you do
for a living. Conan?
I'm a pilot.
Bruno. I'm just curious.
What is it you do for a living?
- I'm a pilot.
- No.
I'm a pilot.
Just try it.
Look at you. You
have three. I have four.
- What does this make me?
- That makes you the captain.
- So I outrank you?
- Yeah.
This is fantastic.
- And what about the mustache?
- Yeah. very pilot-ish.
Why don't you ask me just
one more time what it is I do?
What do you do
for a living. Conan?
What. are you stupid? I'm
wearing an airline pilot's outfit.
- Yeah. well. it's a beautiful aircraft.
- Yeah.
And it looks quite
realistic. doesn't it?
It looks very realistic.
I mean. I really believe we're
about to take off in a plane.
Yeah.
Are there switches that I
can flick that do no harm?
This over here.
Excuse me. but I'm just gonna
make sure... a few adjustments.
- There we go. And then...
- Yeah. - There you go. yeah.
Okay. And then I'm
gonna do... Yeah. okay.
Yeah. So. basically. you
got... Excuse me. just one sec.
Okay.
- There we go. Yes?
- All right.
This is the throttle.
- This controls...
- Excuse me.
Okay. I just saved our lives.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
I mean. you're goofing around.
I'm actually flying the plane.
This is cool.
I am taxiing.
I'm not quite in the center.
Okay. I went way
over to the side.
I have new respect for taxiing.
- Push it forward all the way.
- All the way?
- All the way.
- Here we go.
My speed is increasing.
And now. smoothly.
you pull backwards.
Smoothly pull back.
- Oh. man.
- A bit more.
- Yes!
- There you go.
- Stop pulling.
Level off.
And gear up.
Yes!
God.
Hey. look. is that
the moon or the sun?
- That's the sun.
- Okay.
I better learn the difference
between those two...
if I'm gonna become a pilot.
There you go. That's Madrid.
Look at Madrid.
Do you get to eat much
when you're in the cockpit?
Do they serve you treats?
I bet there's a no-soup rule.
This stuff looks like you don't
want to eat soup around it.
- Yeah. so...
- No soup.
All this is no-go for the soup.
- Yeah.
- But we got a table.
Oh. look at that.
So this table comes out.
- There you go.
- I could do this.
That'd get annoying. right?
Yeah. for four hours straight. I
think it would drive me a bit annoyed.
Yeah. now you're talking.
Yes!
See. maybe I'm kind
of a fun co-pilot after all.
- What do you think of that?
- You might be.
I can't do it.
- What am I doing wrong?
- Let me help you.
It's not that hard.
I hate you.
All right. Conan. so I think
we need to land the aircraft.
- We need to land?
- Yeah.
Hello. passengers. This
is your pilot speaking.
We're going to land.
I know it was a short flight.
but I forgot my mouth guard.
And we're gonna go
back to my hotel and get it.
It keeps me from grinding my
teeth and also prevents snoring.
500.
And turn towards the right.
- Pitch up.
- There you go. Perfect. Conan.
20 retarde. Priority right.
- Fuel input.
- There you go. There you go.
- Retarde. retarde.
- There you go.
- Retarde.
- And you brake it.
In the States. we're no
longer allowed to say "retard."
- Yeah. this is French aircraft.
- Oh. okay. I thought it was calling me...
And that's not cool. you know?
- You landed an aircraft.
- That was incredible.
But. listen. that
was a rough landing.
Obviously. you wouldn't go fly a
real aircraft with those landings.
We wouldn't let you.
You said it was
a good landing...
but you'd never let
me near a real aircraft.
Yeah.
Again. I'd like to thank
you for flying Iberia Airlines.
I know you have your choice of
simulators and fake captains...
and I thank you for choosing us.
Thank you very much for teaching
me a little bit of what you do...
showing me your world.
And I'm gonna walk
away that way now...
and I want you to pretend
to be sad that I'm leaving you.
Are you looking sad?
Madrid is a cultural mecca.
chock full of incredible museums...
the Prado Museum. the
Queen Sofía Museum...
and. of course. my
favorite. the Museum of Ham.
I hear they have an original...
Soul. leave body.
Pork-casso.
The Prado is one of the most
famous museums in the world.
It's very important if you visit
the Prado to get a local guide.
We're gonna see the
most amazing artists here.
I'm sure you've
heard of them. maybe?
- Velazquez?
- Of course.
- Yeah?
- I say "Velath-kwez."
Hey. look at that.
Wow.
This is Velasquez himself
with his brush palette.
How much would it cost if I wanted
to buy this and gift it to Javier?
- It's never been on the market.
- Well. everyone has their price.
Almost.
A good thing about being a civil servant.
we're just not impressed by money.
That's a good one.
I'd shake your hand. but I don't
understand what you just said...
even though it was in English.
- Here are the two majas.
- Wow.
Goya is my favorite.
It's two portraits.
One is the woman dressed. and
then the other is the woman undressed.
When I was a kid. someone
brought into school a pen...
that's a woman wearing a bikini.
But then if you tip
the pen. she's naked.
- Yeah.
- I lost my virginity to that pen.
- I know.
- You know?
I heard. Yeah. I heard.
You want the naked
one or the clothed one?
I don't care. I just want
to buy you a painting.
I don't know what my
wife will say about that.
- You let me talk to her. okay?
- Okay.
She probably has
great respect for me.
- I'm just assuming.
- Not really.
I mean. she's seen your work.
- You're not a fan?
- I'm not a fan.
- Yeah.
- I was forced to be here.
So here we are in the
black paintings of Goya...
which is a time where
he was going dark.
This is. of course. one
of the most famous...
and I think terrifying.
paintings in the world.
Absolutely.
I love the sense that
violence comes from fear.
This is how my brother
Neal eats a hamburger.
Just... And his eyes are
like that when he's eating.
- Like that?
- Yeah. he becomes a monster.
I like how you don't see
the faces of the men...
that are killing them.
It's like it's a machine.
They've lost their humanity.
- They're just...
- Absolutely.
Did you think what I said was
pretty smart and intelligent?
Let me say something profound.
- Okay. I'll wait.
- Let me think.
- Shall I get a chair?
- Yeah.
Alejandro. Javier and I
wish to thank you for our tour.
- Incredible.
- Yes. Muchas gracias. Alejandro.
It's been a real pleasure.
And to show my thanks. I
have made a Conan doodle...
- Amazing.
-...just for you.
- I bequeath this to the Prado.
- We'll hang it.
And you may hang it among
the masters. where it will sit...
We will definitely hang
it. Thank you very much.
...for all time.
Thank you so much.
- Thank you. Pleasure. real pleasure.
- Take care.
- Buenos días.
- Thank you. Alejandro.
Of course. the most famous
book in Spain is "Don Quixote."
It's a book about a delusional man
who battles imaginary monsters...
a man on an impossible quest
trying to slay his inner demons.
I got to say. this
book speaks to me.
It really......really
speaks to me.
You see windmills. Sancho.
That's not what I see.
I see a podcast sponsor that
drops out after only three weeks...
'cause they say
I'm not a good fit.
You're wrong. meundies.com.
You see an ancient
way to grind wheat.
I see a woman in a
drugstore who wants a selfie...
but her camera isn't ready.
It's still in her purse.
I'm trying to buy
Mentos here. lady.
Yes. these are
all of my enemies.
And I will charge at them.
Are you with me. Sancho?
I am Sancho Panza.
But it's worth noting
that the actual character...
of Sancho Panza was
famously overweight.
In fact. the word "panza"
in Spanish means "belly"...
much like "pancia" in Italian...
- where we get the word pancetta...
- Oh. God.
...which means "little belly"
because that meat
comes from the belly.
Now. it all comes from the
original Latin "ponticum"...
or in the ecclesiastical
pronunciation. ponti-chem.
And it's worth noting. you may
think we have a Germanic language.
So why do so many
words come from Latin?
Well. I'll tell you why.
It's because the French...
While our syntax
may be Germanic...
the French brought vocabulary
from the Latin family of languages...
into our own languages.
So. basically. most of the words you
use can be traced back to the ancient Latin.
So you may understand what people
in a country like Spain are saying...
even though you... Hey.
Conan. my name is Eugenia...
and I'm calling from Spain.
Eugenia. tell me a
little bit about yourself.
I work here as a physician
resident in a hospital.
Oh. okay.
My fiancé. he is
Irish-American. Sean Dempsey.
Okay. well. what are the differences.
say. between a Spanish woman...
and an Irish Catholic guy?
I think the biggest main thing
was public display of affection.
At the beginning. I
thought he didn't like me.
Oh. no. let me explain
something to you. Eugenia.
I think it is a very Irish thing.
which is. we are kind of uptight.
I've been married for 21 years. and
my wife has never seen me naked.
I think I could talk to Sean...
and I could help him with his
fear of public displays of affection.
- Just jam in here.
- Go ahead.
European elevators
are so freakin' tiny.
- Eugenia. hi.
- Hi. Conan.
Come here. How are you?
- Hola. How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
- You're Sean.
- Sean.
The famous Sean right here.
There are many ways in
which I think Europe is superior...
- but your elevators. tiny.
- It is sad.
It's pathetic.
Europe. come on!
Make a bigger elevator!
Call the Otis Company.
They invented them.
I just hope the neighbor is
not calling the police right now.
Good luck having the
police come up here.
Tiny police will
come up to arrest me.
This is the hospital.
That's the hospital where
Eugenia works is right here.
Hey. Europe. your
elevators are way too small!
Sean. were you aware
that Eugenia contacted me?
She told me after. yeah.
Specifically. what is it you
would like him to learn to do?
- Embracing. yeah.
- Okay.
Also looking natural
while doing it. not like this.
- Yeah.
- Relaxed.
- Opening up the body a little bit.
- Yeah. relaxed.
All right. well. I think what we
should do is maybe go outside.
Let's butter our bodies so we
can get back into the elevator.
All three of us
at the same time.
This is our first lesson
in intimacy right here.
It's nice.
- You like that?
- Yeah.
Okay. we're out.
We're making progress.
Sean's arms have uncrossed.
Hands still clasped.
but we're getting there.
Sean. maybe if you saw
another Irish Catholic guy...
being very sexual in public.
it would help you loosen up.
- Is that possible?
- Yeah.
Oh. my God.
There are kids here.
Wow.
Maybe I'm not
qualified to teach PDA.
So I thought I'd
bring in an expert.
- Okay.
- Hello.
- This is Dr. Arroyo.
- Dr. Arroyo.
- Nice to meet you.
- Eugenia and Sean.
- He's my physician...
- and also an intimacy expert?
- An intimacy expert.
I've been married five times
and twice to the same woman...
and twice to the same man.
Yes. The secret is baby steps.
- Sean. how does this feel?
- I'm feeling something.
- You're feeling something?
- This is a little spark.
Sean. how do you
feel with this step?
I don't feel much of anything.
actually. There's so much rubber and...
Well. I've heard that before...
...when I was a scuba diver.
And I molested a seal.
- I remember that.
- I've never seen you laugh before.
Well. you've never
made me laugh before.
Touché.
Do you think you're ready
to go to the next step?
- I think so. yeah.
- Physical hand-holding.
- Raw-dogging skin. Bumping knuckles.
- Okay. take it easy.
This is sometimes a nice thing to
do is hold hands and swing them.
And it just kind of. like. shows
you that you're really in love.
While skipping?
Well. we could skip as
well. Should we try it?
Yeah. should we go?
See?
Dr. Arroyo. I think this is the
beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Of all the ways to take
in the sights of Madrid...
Segway tours are one of the most
popular. perhaps a bit too popular.
In fact. the Running of the Bulls is no
longer Spain's most dangerous sport.
All that fake running really
worked up an appetite.
So I met my newest best friend
in the world's oldest restaurant.
- It's called Botín.
- Botín.
- It was opened in 1725.
- Yes.
And it has been in continuous
operation since then.
Since then.
And Goya. which we've seen his
paintings. he was a dishwasher here.
- Goya was a dishwasher here?
- Yeah. for real.
Ah. señor.
Okay. yes. yes.
Okay.
What is it about me
that people don't respect?
I would start with the hair.
I've always thought that
your hair is absolutely wrong.
There's something there that
doesn't work and never worked.
But you made a living
out of it. so that's good.
- So I'm stuck with it now?
- Yeah. you have to live with that.
What?
- What's this?
- Oh. hot.
Hot? Hot. Too hot. right?
- You need water?
- No.
Done.
- Look at you.
- Yeah. there's a difference.
There's a difference between a
real man and whatever you are.
No. no. don't take the
fork. Come on. man. that's...
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
- Eat with our hands.
- Yeah. you go like...
You know what
this is like? Goya.
- It's the Saturn.
- Exactly.
- Yes.
- Now you're understanding.
- Goya was a dishwasher here.
- Yeah?
And he painted "Saturn
Devouring His Son."
- And now we're here...
- Devouring this.
Devouring this pig.
But then we can also be kind of
gentle and nice with each other...
and come back to our posture.
Hi. How are you. Conan?
- How are you?
- Hi.
- Hi. Nice to see you.
- Nice to see you.
My friend. My good friend.
Then we back.
- That's...
- The tail.
This is sacred.
The whole strength of the pig is
here. and you have to eat it. okay?
It's crunchy.
It's good.
- You like it?
- I don't like it.
You don't like it?
In all the years I've
come here with people...
I've never seen anybody
dare to eat a pig tail.
Are you a fool?
Are you always doing what people
tell you to do in order to be loved?
Are you someone that really do
things that goes against himself...
because you want to belong?
I can see that.
It's okay.
This is gonna change now.
Say to yourself. I
like the pig's tail.
I like the pig's tail.
I chose to eat it myself.
- And I'm doing okay.
Okay.
You're in command now.
- That was terrible.
- I know.
- Why did you make me do that?
- Just for fun.
- Horrible.
- Asshole!
- Oh. my God.
After such a great
meal. it's time for a siesta.
Let yourself go with the flow.
What was it like having a siesta
with the world's sexiest man?
Well. you'll have to ask Javier.
In the meantime. it was getting dark.
which means it was flamenco o'clock.
Time for a lesson in Spain's
passionate musical art form.
So. Conan. you need
to learn flamenco.
Here we have the amazing
singer. guitar players. and dancers.
Let me just tell you up front.
- Okay.
- I am very athletic.
And my body exudes sexuality.
- Wow.
- Yeah. I can attest that.
It's something very powerful.
You feel it from the first
moment that you see it.
- Okay.
- And then it quickly goes away.
- D Like. in a second.
- Okay.
One. two. three. four. And then
we change into a little pattern.
One. two. three.
four. One. two. three.
- That's it.
- Yeah.
Sí. señor.
Conan. Go. Conan.
Muy bien.
- What about this?
- You want to do some pitos?
Now.
- Oh. wow!
- Oh. shit.
Muy bien.
Uno. dos. tres. cuatro.
In my short time in Spain. I
was captivated by its people...
culture. food. music. and art.
And everywhere you
looked. so much beauty...
jaw-dropping.
breathtaking beauty.
Its rugged contours and
its raw animal magnetism...
no wonder I'd fallen in love.
With Spain... I'd fallen
in love with Spain.
Hasta luego. España.
And never forget...
Stomp!
You know. I do see
a lot of parallels here.
But. you know. the interesting
thing about Don Quixote...
and Sancho Panza is they
rubbed off on each other. you know?
When you interact with somebody
over. for example. 30 years...
you both become
a part of each other.
And you may think. I don't like
this person or I don't want to...
Did you forget the word "cut"?
I just said it.
This is deranged.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org